Add documentation triage overview (#74)
canonical/ubuntu-maintainers-handbook: DocTriage.md

# Documentation Triage

> In order to maintain a line of communication with the community and keep Ubuntu's documentation up to date, doc triage has been added as a task to do during [bug triage](BugTriage.md).

Reviewer: I'd probably phrase this bit as less like maintaining a line of communication (which we have regardless) and more like "In order to make sure community comments and suggestions are addressed in a timely manner" (which more reflects the fact that we have to actually expend effort to do it)

## Tooling
[Discourse Triage](https://snapcraft.io/dsctriage) is used for working with documentation hosted on Discourse. Documentation for the tool is located on [GitHub](https://github.com/lvoytek/discourse-triage). It can be installed with

    sudo snap install dsctriage

As a part of daily triage, running the base command will show relevant comments for the previous day or over the weekend.

    dsctriage

To run a previous day's triage, provide the relevant date or previous day of the week such as:

    dsctriage 2023-04-27

or

    dsctriage friday

## Types of Updates

Documentation updates fall into a few categories that require different levels of action. They are:

* New Pages:  

>   When someone creates a new page, which in Discourse is a new Topic under the relevant category, this will show up as a `+` next to the page title and author name. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When someone creates a new page, which in Discourse is a new Topic under the relevant category, dsctriage will report this with a `+` next to the page title and author name. For example:
```

      +Changing package files [Lena Voytek, 2023-01-11]

>   If this shows up, the page should be checked to see if it is a candidate for the official documentation. If so, note this in the report.

Reviewer: What steps would then be taken to add it to the official documentation? Will the person on triage add it, or would they bring it to my attention for me to find an appropriate place for it?

* Page Edits:  
  If a given page has been modified in any way, a `*` will show up alongside the page title and the name of the editor. This looks like:

      *Ubuntu Server tutorials [Sally Makin, 2023-04-12]

>   In this case, check what the edit was and note it in the report. If it has any obvious issues, especially if it is a part of the official documentation, make sure to note that too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case, check what the edit was and note it in the report. If it has any obvious quality issues, especially if it is a part of the official documentation, make sure to note that too.
```

Reviewer: Depending on the size or scope of the edits, this may need a review from someone in the team (and/or me) depending on whether it's technically problematic or just needs a style polish. In general, the team should feel empowered to make any necessary corrections as they find them, but it may be worth noting that if they want an extra review from e.g. me or someone else on the team, what the process is for that.

  Also keep in mind when this page was created, as it may need to be triaged as a new post too if it was published within the provided time frame.

* Community comments:  
  When a community member comments on a page, it will show up with a `+` alongside a link and author name for the comment. A `*` may show up instead if the comment was modified. This line will show up as part of a tree of replies under its given page name.
  Multiple updates to a conversation may also have happened, such as:

        SSHd now uses socket-base… [Steve Langasek] 
        ├─ 77972 [Paride Legovini] 
        │  └─ 80966 [Saxl] 
        │     └─ 81043 [Leszek A. Szczepanowski] 
        │        └─ 83849 [Nebulabox] 
        │           └─ 84773 [Michael Utech] 
        │              └─ +88070 [Piradix, 2023-04-05] 
        ├─ +88748 [Dave Ruedeman, 2023-04-19] 
        └─ +88948 [Darren Embry, 2023-04-23] 
        └─ *88978 [Steve Langasek, 2023-04-23] 

>     Looking through the added and updated comments by clicking the attached links. If a community member has an unanswered question, either reply with the relevant information or note in the report that it needs a reply. For suggestions to change the docs, if they are valid, update the page accordingly or note it down so someone with relevant permissions can do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Look through the added and updated comments by clicking the attached links. If a community member has an unanswered question, either reply with the relevant information or note in the report that it needs a reply. For suggestions to change the docs, if they are valid, update the page accordingly or note it down so someone with relevant permissions can do so.
```

Reviewer: I think part of fostering an active and engaged community is making sure that every comment is at least acknowledged even if it's not answered. Is it worth us having a policy that - even if the person on triage can't immediately answer the question or needs to go and find the answer (which may not be quick) - any comment from a community member should be acknowledged to thank them for posting and letting them know that we'll investigate and get back to them?

  Multiple updates to a conversation may also have happened, such as:

        SSHd now uses socket-base… [Steve Langasek] 
        ├─ 77972 [Paride Legovini] 
        │  └─ 80966 [Saxl] 
        │     └─ 81043 [Leszek A. Szczepanowski] 
        │        └─ 83849 [Nebulabox] 
        │           └─ 84773 [Michael Utech] 
        │              └─ +88070 [Piradix, 2023-04-05] 
        ├─ +88748 [Dave Ruedeman, 2023-04-19] 
        └─ +88948 [Darren Embry, 2023-04-23] 
        └─ *88978 [Steve Langasek, 2023-04-23] 

    Looking through the added and updated comments by clicking the attached links. If a community member has an unanswered question, either reply with the relevant information or note in the report that it needs a reply. For suggestions to change the docs, if they are valid, update the page accordingly or note it down so someone with relevant permissions can do so.

* Team responses:  
  Responses to community comments by someone on the team will look the same as other comments. In this case, check to make sure the conversation was resolved, and provide extra input if needed.

> ## Tooling

Reviewer: I think this section should appear above the previous one, since the output from dsctriage appears in the examples you used above

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I was originally going off the layout of bug triage but this flows a lot better. Updated
